hello guys cut protagonist here bringing
you a deck profile of my Lana Lana
Bermuda that I've been playing testing
this day locals and it worked out well
give me an awesome hand size chart a
game the only issues I had if that is
stacking out but man who cares about
that counts right anyway at the end of
this video I'll be showing you how did
that works so this is that basically for
the great zeros I play one the stutter
when it's cuts on the Raygun I could so
charge this card and bounce back one
Bermuda Triangle where I got to my hand
which pretty much explains how did that
works so for the triggers I play for
crits it draw triggers because I like
that way like it that way and for draw
and for huge triggers for the great ones
I play for a cave analyst for perfect
guts for per sister pearly entry new
Newt or her effect is when when this
cuts got to the rigor or something to
the alright over as a vanguard but both
let me draw a card so yeah for the great
tools I played for go wrong real when
this card is sent back from the field to
your hand you can counter bus one two so
touch one and drawn cut so that's where
I get my classes from by bouncing back
my cuts to my hand and direct immediate
backed by so I come to blasting want to
draw and cut and so blast so charge one
yeah for persister Perla when this guy
hits the Venga I can so blast want to
bounce my own heart I can throw to my
hand so so when this cut hits the
Vanguard I can bounce her back in order
to get off her counter blast effect to
help get me places you know I played for
and I played to thank even in this top
Idol aqua funny for the great tree
I play for Bermuda princess Lena when
this card is ridden as a vanguard you
can bounce back every country country
everyone would can't you control back to
your hand
so we fall around I can bounce I can
bounce her back in order to get my
classes I will show you how I do it
exactly at the end of the video so don't
worry it's a play for her and for Carly
I don't I don't no idea no idea what's
the name is but how it affects basically
the same just that she's a tank a bit
stay instead I played for four okay now
we'd be going through the tactics be
right back
yes so the key engine of the deck and
basically these cuts the main aim of the
deck is to bounce back cuts like this on
these two back to your hand because when
it's kind of bounced back to your hand
you can counter blast one to draw one
card and so cha cha one so the only way
you can get get them back to your hand
is by these cuts for example let's say
you have a few like this and you have
both both of those kind of bounce back
to your head to draw cuts
let's if you right a laya naughty of you
right it's a bad guy you can bounce back
every cut on your view so that basically
allow you to draw two cuts just by
riding it so let's say you have more
lettuce in your hands you can just write
counter blast to draw more cards so yeah
this is one of the ways you get the
pluses and the best part of it is they
don't you won't get blocked by opponent
shoes like this car yeah like her firmly
Perla because when Perla hits the bangle
you're allowed to bounce it uncut by so
lasting one so most likely you'll bounce
back this or despite your hand to draw
on and the best part of it is another
engine of that is of course the process
to engine which is using her as a draw
engine like for somebody just call her
out boosts give further effect
especially effec which is when he's the
banker he gets so charged one and draw
one and of course you could so blast the
bouncer back and use it the next and
again
but this is not really useful when
opponents at for fire damage because
they are mostly guarded anyway
but during early game this this can
either pressure opponent or defeat
oh you know give you the card you want
like drops no cause that's not that's
not only the few ways you could also you
know you could also use her if you
really need to like let's say you let
game you don't let you hit or you have
no more laying on your deck you could
actually just so try to show the bonds
beyond card once back hold your hand and
draw one card
yeah so yeah this basically your main
engineer deck so I hope you enjoyed this
video remember to comment and subscribe
for more
I'll meet are we doing videos at least
once a week
so yeah don't worry okay see ya bye